not paying for a screen projector for
your phone can save you
quite a bit yes protecting your brand
new pricey device
totally makes sense but if you drop it
oops
the phone's going to crack no matter
what instead of investing in those
heavily marked up screen
protectors consider buying a good case
those things really work
home shipping is great but sadly it's
often overpriced
always check if the shop you're buying
from offers a free in-store pickup
service
if not you can always ask your friends
if they want to order something from
there too
that'll help you reach the minimum free
delivery amount or if there's just a
flat shipping fee
you can split the cost between more
people the internet
is full of become better and richer in
30 days coaching programs
sorry people most of them are full of
advice you either already know
or can easily find out and a whole
string of positive reviews
isn't a 100 percent guarantee that it's
not a money trap
steer clear there are also a lot of
companies that run
multi-level marketing schemes that's
where you pay a fee to join a group
then you need to sell your product or
get other people to join
you've heard the pitch make easy money
be your own boss
most people just end up spending all
their money on the products they must
sell
nobody wants a garage full of unsold
merch
premium packages are sometimes a no go
spend a little time
shop around and compare you might want
to stick to the basic package you
already have
no matter how good the sales person is
you can always say
no sometimes the premium package is
worth it though
it depends another big money black hole
in-app purchases or in-game ones
yeah sometimes it's just impossible to
jump to a new level
you don't have enough gems buying those
virtual gems could cost you as much as
buying some real ones
okay i'm exaggerating but the bottom
line is they're expensive
and don't make your life that much
better if you realize you stopped
walking around
outside recently it's a sign you might
be over
using your car the thing is the more you
use it
the more money it eats up gas service
new tires
if you can get there on foot or by bike
leave your car at home
plus you're less likely to buy stuff you
don't need
if you must carry it all the way home
don't forget to check if that atm
charges you for basic services an extra
five bucks a pop can really add up
snacks and fast food eat up a large
amount of your daily budget
if you're like me try setting a daily
spending limit
also don't go grocery shopping when
you're hungry
especially if you do your shopping more
than once a week
hunger makes you want to buy more and
more and sometimes
you get a strong impulse to buy
something you don't even want
your brain's like i'm starving you're
not feeding me
grab those cookies and chips bye bye
twenty dollar bill
buying food in bulk isn't always as
great as it seems
sure buying ten pounds of cherries all
at once
usually costs way less than buying them
one pound at a time
but if you don't finish them all before
the expiration date
all that sweet red goodness gets wasted
so does your money there are a lot of
simple services we just got used to
paying for
even though we could do them ourselves
i'm talking about
adjusting your way too long jeans
washing your car
washing your dog you name it before
making that appointment
think about it twice could you do that
on your own
when you're off on vacation you want to
have the time of your life
still it doesn't necessarily mean
immediately book
first class tickets and stay at a
five-star hotel
it's a common mistake to offer that
luxury sweet upgrade
because you're on vacation and you
deserve it
remember to ask yourself how long did it
take me to save up that money
on your next vacation try staying in a
furnished apartment
it might cost less and has things that
hotels
usually don't provide like a kitchen
bonus you'll feel like a local cooking
local food from the local grocery store
you'll save money on pricey restaurants
bonus tip
try to find one with a coffee machine
that saves me about 10 bucks a day
i like coffee what can i say oh by the
way
the renting apartments thing even rich
people do it
some even rent instead of buying an
apartment it gives them the freedom to
pick up and move
whenever they want just a thought right
you've moved into your new dream home
time to cheer the place up a bit
when it comes to decorating your place
avoid buying too much household clutter
i'm talking about all those smelly
candles weird sculptures
and all those cute little useless things
that end up on the shelf
covered in dust as for clothes no need
to go to extremes
super cheap items are no good either
that awesome feeling of saving money by
buying a knockoff winter jacket
that disappears fast it's a bit of a
drag but
try to think about what clothes you
already own that you love
then buy something useful and well made
to go with them
then you know you'll get your money's
worth
whenever you want to grab a discounted
item think twice
discounts promotions and coupons make
you believe you're saving a bunch
you might end up with a home full of
stuff you bought just because it was
half off
energy drinks never give you as much
energy as a good night's sleep
plus it's not exactly a secret they
aren't great for your health
a large freshly brewed coffee costs less
and gives you plenty of energy tea has
caffeine in it too
the key is to balance it with some
healthy food and plenty of water
still tired try chewing some gum or
washing your face
popping into a coffee shop can burn a
hole in your wallet fast
you might be one of those people that
spends over two thousand dollars a year
on coffee
just imagine what you could buy just
saying no to your morning ritual
a new mattress to sleep better or do
what i did
buy a fancy coffee machine those things
pay for themselves after a few months
surprisingly plain water can give you
energy too
if you're well hydrated your body's
ready for anything
bottled water can add up too especially
if you grab one on your way to work
every single day
a nice reusable bottle with filtered
water will keep you hydrated
and a bit richer if you ever bought a
brand new phone or tablet the week it
came out on the market
you might have just wasted some money
the thing is
most of them get a bit cheaper a couple
of months later
some moderate phones have the same
software you can get on your next free
update
and the new features might not even be
things you use
or need don't waste money on anything
you can rent if you're only going to use
it once or twice
a projector for your friend's birthday
party clothes for special occasions
even jewelry you can rent anything these
days
as you head to the register ask yourself
if you're going to use that thing in
your basket more than 10 times
if the answer is yep totally ok grab it
if you only need it for one day or just
for fun
it might mean you really don't need it
at all
reward schemes make you believe you're
getting something for free what's wrong
with that
buy 10 large cappuccinos get the 11th
free
sounds perfect you know how much i like
coffee but before you
start ordering think it over a bit do
you even want a cappuccino
and do you really want a large if you
just order what you want
you'll end up saving enough money to
just buy yourself an extra cappuccino
now and then
just remember rewards programs are
designed to make you spend more
and to keep you from shopping elsewhere